Resolves #2075 (#2131)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/addsadministration/New-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy.md

### -LockoutDuration
Specifies the length of time that an account is locked after the number of failed login attempts exceeds the lockout threshold.

> You cannot login to an account that is locked until the lockout duration time period has expired. If you set the value to 0 the account needs to be unlocked manually by administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot log in to an account that is locked until the lockout duration time period has expired. If you set the value to 0 the account needs to be unlocked manually by the administrator.
```
